Update docs (#12)
hazelcast/clc-docs: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/overview.adoc

=== Scripting for Automation

> Write scripts execute repetitive administration, integration, or testing tasks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Write scripts to execute repetitive administration, integration, or testing tasks.
```

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------
----

> In order to run CLC commands, prefix them with a backslash (`\`):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run CLC commands, prefix them with a backslash (`\`):
```

Author: FIxed at: https://github.com/hazelcast/clc-docs/pull/12/commits/2abc5d34626d8e6a8e69250ca107f077c31bd8df

------------------------------------
----

> You can enter multiline CLC commands by adding a backslash (`\`) character at the very end of every line, except the last one.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can enter multi-line CLC commands by adding a backslash (`\`) character at the end of every line, except the last one.
```

Author: FIxed at: https://github.com/hazelcast/clc-docs/pull/12/commits/2abc5d34626d8e6a8e69250ca107f077c31bd8df

> The continuation lines are concatenated, so it may be necessary to put one or more spaces before the backslash:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The continuation lines are concatenated, so you might need to add one or more spaces before the backslash:
```

Author: FIxed at: https://github.com/hazelcast/clc-docs/pull/12/commits/2abc5d34626d8e6a8e69250ca107f077c31bd8df

----
  > \map --name \
... set my-map \
... key1 value1
----

If a value contains whitespace, you can wrap it with single or double quotes:
----
> \map --name set my-map "key with whitespace" "value with whitespace"
> \map --name get my-map "key with whitespace"
-----------------------
 this
-----------------------
 value with whitespace
-----------------------
----

> Alternatively, you can escape space character with a backslash:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, you can escape the space character with a backslash:
```

Author: FIxed at: https://github.com/hazelcast/clc-docs/pull/12/commits/2abc5d34626d8e6a8e69250ca107f077c31bd8df
